This Reseller Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of ●, 2012 (the “Effective Date”) by  and between SherWeb Inc. (“SherWeb”) and ● (“Reseller”). Each of Sherweb and Reseller  referred to as a “Party” and collectively as “Parties” under this Agreement. 
BACKGROUND: 
A. SherWeb offers certain hosted products including hosted Exchange, Web Hosting,  SharePoint Hosting and Hosted CRM provided by Sherweb and third party suppliers, as  well as a proprietary control panel to permit reseller and its End Users to monitor and  control use of SherWeb products (collectively the “Software Services”). 
B. Reseller desires, and SherWeb is willing to grant Reseller, a right to resell the Software  Services as white labelled applications to its customers in accordance with this  Agreement. 
1. Definitions 
Whenever used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the respective  meaning specified below:
(a) “Claims” means any claim, demand, action, suit, cause of action, assessment or  reassessment, charge, judgment, debt, liability, expense, cost, damage or loss,  direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, including loss of value, reasonable  professional fees, including fees of legal counsel on a solicitor-and-End User  basis, and all costs incurred in investigating or pursuing any of the foregoing or  any proceeding relating to any of the foregoing. 
(b) “Confidential Information” means all non-public technical information and  business information, programming, software code, trade secrets, marketing  strategies, software, documentation, customer data, financial information and any  other information which in the circumstances of its disclosure could reasonably be  viewed as confidential. Confidential Information shall not include information  that: (a) is or becomes a part of the public domain through no act or omission of  the Receiving Party; (b) was in the Receiving Party’s lawful possession prior to  the disclosure and had not been obtained by the Receiving Party either directly or  indirectly from the Disclosing Party; (c) is lawfully disclosed to the Receiving  Party by a third party without restriction on disclosure; or (d) is independently  developed by the Receiving Party, provided that the foregoing shall not be  deemed to permit use or disclosure of information in breach of applicable law.  Each Party agrees to take all reasonable steps to ensure that Confidential  Information is not disclosed or distributed by it or its employees, mandataries or  agents in violation of the terms of this Agreement or applicable law. 
(c) “End User” means an individual or legal entity that obtains the Software Services  from the Reseller. 
(d) “End User Licence Agreements” or “EULAs” means the applicable licence  agreements with SherWeb and Third Party Suppliers governing use of the  Software Services, which are provided by SherWeb, appear upon first use of each  Product, or are otherwise made accessible by web link or otherwise to the End  User.  
(e) “Intellectual Property Rights” means all rights protectable by copyright, trade mark, patent, industrial design or trade secret and other intellectual property rights  under any law including common law. 
(f) “Products” means any software products of SherWeb or third party providers  made available through the Software Services. 
(g) “Third Party Suppliers” means third party suppliers of Products included in the  Software Services, including, without limitation, Microsoft Corporation and its  affiliates. 
